What is a unique key?
A Unique key constraint uniquely identified each record in the database. This provides uniqueness for the column or set of columns.
There can be many unique constraint defined per table, but only one Primary key constraint defined per table.

What is normalization?
Normalization is the process of minimizing redundancy and dependency by organizing fields and table of a database.

First Normal Form (1NF):.
This should remove all the duplicate columns from the table. Creation of tables for the related data and identification of unique columns.

Second Normal Form (2NF):.
Meeting all requirements of the first normal form. Placing the subsets of data in separate tables and Creation of relationships between the tables using primary keys.

Third Normal Form (3NF):.
This should meet all requirements of 2NF. Removing the columns which are not dependent on primary key constraints.

Fourth Normal Form (4NF):.
Meeting all the requirements of third normal form and it should not have multi- valued dependencies.

Unique Index.
This indexing does not allow the field to have duplicate values if the column is unique indexed. Unique index can be applied automatically when primary key is defined.

Clustered Index.
This type of index reorders the physical order of the table and search based on the key values. Each table can have only one clustered index.

NonClustered Index.
NonClustered Index does not alter the physical order of the table and maintains logical order of data. Each table can have 999 nonclustered indexes.

What is a stored procedure?
Stored Procedure is a function consists of many SQL statement to access the database system. Several SQL statements are consolidated into a stored procedure and execute them whenever and wherever required.

The SQL HAVING Clause
The HAVING clause was added to SQL because the WHERE keyword cannot be used with aggregate functions.
SELECT COUNT(CustomerID), Country FROM Customers GROUP BY Country HAVING COUNT(CustomerID) > 5;